Hello This time we made a trap using a trap chest
It falls when I open it like this
If you say what happens to Cairo
First of all, this repeater sends a signal from the trap chest to the doctor.
And this is why it is output to the adhesive piston
Let's make it from the beginning
It is four squares that become a pitfall this time
If I say even 3 masu but that was opened from 3 Masuda and far away
And the high made of four trout may not fall
By putting a red stone torch here
I will color it
I think
helped
Here Place repeater
The rest is ok if you play Akaishi up to the trap chest
Let's be careful about the direction of the repeater put here
Since the repeater here is the output from the trap chest, from the trap chest side
Please set up a trap chest here
In this way the circuit is activated and opened
This is roughly finished this
After that, let's hide the circuit by surrounding it as usual
Actually there is a drawback in this situation
It feels like it doesn't fall off when it gets close to the trap chest and opened
It will fall if it is only a little away
I would like to put an iron grate in front of the trap chest
It will not come close to the last minute, so it will fall unless it is destroyed
Well there is only one story here only capture
Say something
There is a place that can be opened without falling
This is the range of Hana
The circuit went crazy when I dug a little
I guess it's sticking piston offset
I'll repair
It does not fall if it does at this last-minute position with this
Well why because you fell surely if the person is your trout want to anymore becomes longer passage
4 I think it is good I will try to actually use it here
It is like the ruins
Here is a real chest
I 'm jealous
I think that it is good to use it for dungeons like this
Thank you for your viewing